Well, it might be the full of our big UC.
All I would say is that I thought that the nation's office sometimes adults.
I don't know how long ago it was I would say month ago.
A picture of Secretary Steven and private staff.
That's what I told him in the jacket.
I was saying.
Now, if you want to ask me whether or not Donald Gawley was also in that picture for any of the staff, I don't know for him.
The year I will have a picture you saw, and that's the shine of all that's just because it is half-wise.
It ain't good picture, was it this picture of a blue bar watch?
Just as you presented it here.
I don't know for I know that I'll remember.
Here's what I remember, Senator McCaw.
I remember Secretary Steven and Mr. Shine standing next to private staff, standing next to each other, looking at each other.
I cannot say it's right here.
Whether Donald Gawley or anyone else was in that picture or not, and I know you don't want me to undertake more than I can take.
I know that I'm a staff member.
My memory is that I've included Steven and Shine.
That is my memory, and I cannot know about that.
I can't tell that to.
I don't know.
He said, he said, what's your memory?
My memory is Steven and Shine, and my memory is that I don't know whether it was somebody you don't know you're a memory.
I mean, if you don't know it was him, you don't have my memory.
No memory of that to.
Whether there are somebody else in it or not, I don't know.
Senator Connell.
Why did you see the photograph when it was sent to Washington from...
No, I didn't.
I didn't see the photograph.
He just blown up the picture.
I already told you.
It's another fact senator.
I'm not even sure I was blown up the picture.
I don't know for the first time.
You're under pressure.
Senator Jackson.
Mr. Connell, upon Wednesday to the seat, the picture we've heard you hear for the third time.
If I was to now send a second with you, I'm referring to the picture that you gave to Mr. Jenkins, the Compton.
I did not feel as though I was forced to be sent up to him.
Well, I mean, you requested that he presented an evidence that you're not.
Yes.
Well, I replied that at the request that Mr. I told Mr. not to send a judge if I can explain this.
I did not suggest that he presented another.
Mr. Jenkins asked me if there was a picture of Secretary Steven from Mr. Shine.
I said that there was, and of course there is.
He asked me if I could undertake to get that and finish that.
I was very happy to comply with that request that I had one of these questions.
I'm familiar with it.
No, there was a original idea for this picture came from Mr. Jenkins.
I wouldn't even want to say that.
So we were talking about the events of November 6th and November 7th.
I was just wondering if you were going to be able to explain it.
When the fact of the picture came up, I don't remember what the writer had to remain.
Let me get the picture in you.
And I'm going to suggest you put it in.
I'll let Mr. Jenkins go for me.
Let's get the picture in I would like to review that if they're hearing.
I hear you, you should have to hear it.
Well, what would be the idea of your conference with Mr. Jenkins from the subject of the picture was to show
that a picture had been taken with Mr. Shine, Robert Shine and the Secretary of the Army alone.
No, sir.
I don't know.
You don't think Mr. Jaina, you have me for my office.
I never used the word alone because I could not.
My recollection was and my recollection was given a picture of Ducatary Steven and Robert Shine.
That's what my recollection was for.
That's what my recollection gave.
And I could not have called and then let eternal broadly with famous as a thought,
whether Colonel Ovalon or not because I did not know.
Well, I don't think it was important yesterday when Mr. Steven testified under oath that he had no recollection about having a patient alone and Mr. Jenkins asked.
And it became very material to this person.
And it became very material to the question of issue whether this picture was taken alone or with someone else.
And when it was brought up here in a hearing to which you were present,
that the question was being, what's the Mr. Steven's that this,
do you recall that a picture had been taken with Mr. Shine alone and the Secretary couldn't answer the question.
And then the picture was handed over to all the Shorna too.
Oh, not all you think.
In the interest of keeping the record straight so that there could be a dispute that you should have called attention to the fact that this picture might not be complete.
So I think I was planning to take advantage of my library thesis for a young refundee or close.
I did not touch the word alone. I did not attach any significance to it then.
I don't think well, even here, I would be quite questioning about a picture of Secretary Steven and Friday Shine.
If I was known that there were other persons on that picture,
if other people were known as there were other persons on the picture,
or if there was no internal flag, there would be a photo. I would have been blessed to comply with that.
Now, some of the darkening and the intensity of trust in you say it is important to keeping the record straight.
I might say, I think it is, since you are asking me, supposedly unemported,
whether or not Colonel Bradley is standing to the side while it's taken.
It's taken on us. That is not to mean it is done.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
But don't you think that Mr. Jenkins very rightfully asked the question.
Do you, Al Mr. Stevens, did you have a picture taken along with Friday Shine?
That I just just finished my question because the picture that has been handed to Mr. Jenkins shows the two of them together.
It was the law that not a fair person presented.
What about him?
I just think President of the House of Mr. Jenkins,
be right under the record from the bottom of the page 433.
I'm going to use the word, so that is 10 minutes.
And I can't really do that if that happens.
And the second one is to give you a chance.
Now, who gave you the picture?
The man with a red dress and that's the place.
The person who I have a lot of time to prepare for this,
is my point of order was that the question asked does not contain the word alone.
A light letter on the word was used.
I think it's kind of silly what the record says from the Jackson surgery.
The question asked by the answer to having a page 433 and how the...
Well, I just wanted to ask, I have a question.
The other members of this committee are wetteness, there's no question.
They aren't asked.
The older man of the record does not deal with development.
He doesn't recognize me with the 10 minutes and 3 seconds.
And we're not having any way of meeting questions.
When did you receive the picture that you arranged to be turned over to Mr. Jenkins?
Before I answer that, do you like an answer to the other question?
Which he did not give me an opportunity.
Well, I am your senator from the principal.
The senator is featured in the point.
I can't recall what.
The one-one or the other is the person who will not have any time to react.
It's time.
What?
What's wrong with this?
This is the assistant.
Sure, right.
If you have a question, take it along with the question.
Just tell me if anything is hard, but...
Because the assistant, right, is the 90s movement.
Then, the story is true.
That is the way it is.
All right.
The right side is pointing to the left.
It's got a first question.
You don't have to do that.
Didn't know it's first?
I didn't.
Didn't know it's first.
That's what you do, man.
What's going on?
I think it's right.
I have a new interviewer.
I'm out.
I'm in a business.
I have questions to meet the answer.
I say it is.
I have my answers.
My answer.
I'm in a business.
I've been told I ask you for no reason.
I don't think anything else is beyond that is.
I'm down at the Maguire field and the circumstances which I just got.
I assume that was the purpose of Mr. Jenkins' interrogation.
And for I don't think the doctor actually is necessarily involved.
By general driving standing to the side or not, the doctor made that there are Mr. Stevens and Mr. Stein looking at himself and taking each other and that's that.
I thought the doctor asked me to go forward.
I've become one of the two of our speakers.
I've never knew this before.
I did not receive this.
Who received this?
I don't know.
I can find out.
Well, how did you know about it?
How do I know about the picture I knew about it in this way?
Mr. Jenkins made the request.
I've made a number of other requests.
I made a list which I think contained some 47...
No.
Excuse me, Kelly.
I looked at some 40 seven items which is popled out among various members of the staff.
I would say, two or three of them.
Then they go and they try to get the material.
If Mr. Jenkins then comes trying to the picture and somebody wants to take you.
Somebody in the office will take you.
If the picture of Stein and Stevens are still the officers, Mr. Jenkins, the picture will be sent up to the office.
If Mr. Jenkins hides it, not see it.
Is there anything that picked you up?
Well, how did you know who is there to cut out in the part of the picture?
I don't know.
Then anybody who cut out part of the picture.
Well, if you know whether the original negative seems to be off the floor,
or if it's off the floor, I should not.
I'm sure we can find that out.
Who in here, who in here is staff with no?
Thanks, Tom Agnol, Jim Gillianna Magnol.
We'll be very glad to take those and equally on that.
You know who sent it over to the full study department or the Los Angeles.
I've never been in the part of the department of my life, nor was I in the case.
No, otherwise I know one on it.
I'm sorry, I would take it being more helpful to you.
I'm sorry.
I just got into part of the picture here.
That was a rain for the insurance.
The statutory fee, he wanted to go down to Florida to extend better holidays.
Shine, what about Andy?
Andy wanted us to take the...
And after, whether it was rather impossible to get out of the plane and he...
Then he didn't get back in and he said, I want your people to take this plane and go to Florida.
And I'm going to get back to Washington some other way.
And I have to admit that without him following me on that day,
Mrs. Steven would have done anything in charge of her to try to make us happy.
Because of course, that was the day when he was trying to get us to stop the hearings,
which was scheduled, but to begin on the following truth.
Mrs. Secretary Steven's plane went to Dick and went from Dick on to Boston.
Who would have thought it was better to try to do this plane in Fort Dick?
I don't know, but I imagine that was the rain for my Secretary of State.
We have been sent to the bus talking to private Shine,
that prior to commencing certain hearings in Boston,
we desire to obtain from private Shine information,
that the investigation which we were about to open to in Fort Dick,
for that reason we went down there to see him and we talked to him about that and back along.
I'm not sure if it was better to find the tolerate of that,
but we are in the end for the entire time,
collecting the books up from the East Bank.
Not only was that, but it seems better to be the least of us,
but the Secretary of State.
The Army or the British committees,
the Marines, the Conor, the Minors,
in the Army and the fighters who have been no wait to make it with the stock of its committee,
for all of us.
So it's definitely great to send it to us.
He has been one of the people primarily responsible for the gathering of information,
the interviewing of witnesses and the conducting of interrogation,
of witnesses in connection with this day and Saturday.
He was interrogating witnesses over a period of,
oh I would say, eight or nine months.
Are you going to continue with our very work for the inquiry in the dark?
He continues that with that work up until the very day that he was drafted.
I might say, there was a day prior to the time that he was drafted,
when Bill's life, when both, when Senator McCawding,
Mr. Carmichael Oil, necessarily absent from the theme of the interrogation and the mission,
I'm just going to sign a sign of the English-Frenchable Member of the stock,
who's servicing us, with so much attention that the stock did not function
without relying upon the information which only fired a child out of the book.
Senator, as much as I don't happen to see one of those of us at the indispensable
man's area about anybody in this earth, I think everything goes along.
If not a single one of us is here, the time began,
and I don't think the private sign is what is always in respect,
like if I say it's worth, he served the committee for almost a year
without receiving any type of information.
He did enable and successful jobs which resulted in the saving of millions of dollars
that attacked players of this country into the ruling out of Communists.
I think I can back that up in the beginning to bother him,
so I'm going to ask you to show me that question.
So I would say he was not in the dismantle,
I would say that he was a valuable staff member who did excellent work
and had a violation of the first information that the private sign might be drafted into the moment first.
I was there around the summer early course, and he was there at the point.
I believe the data is in touch with the November the third,
and how many months do it be between summer and November third?
Well, but frankly, you're fired.
You want to start with August, you're not in the former national team, you're not pretty much.
I think the starting was continued to investigate on behalf of the committee.
And what's been a friend's shelter on November 17th,
even though it was a part of the Northern Area in the summer,
about he was to be called in the military worker.
He's been consulted recently as a last two days,
and there's a great deal of information he has,
which we need, and we've got things perfectly properly,
but they talk about the right time.
I know that's okay, you know, you know,
who is going to be the other gay-owned committee to replace this.
That's a good time.
Without an unlawful audience, gay-owned committee to replace him is an unsafe control.
I think that after history, we can have a hard time getting anyone out to come down to nothing,
but let advisory and vitality of the committee to spread its opposition to the investigation
with subversive individual issues in the department of the honor.
Would you think that would be a reasonable step in the late,
I think it would be a ridiculous step to make it through.
If you do think it's just a step in making it strategy from the last seven seasons,
as far as I'm sure, I think it is talking without a service for the final time.
I think it's a function without a service to the chief camp of law.
I, the only thing I hope is that the services devoted by the hope of them,
have done some little bit to help them what I think is the reason I'm down here,
the very important work of it, committee, and getting touted in it,
and security rich out of the vital law plans and defense industry
and installations of this nation.
You are to be promoted without a objective of FOIL and SPIRS,
on my number, are you much more assumed that I remember this committee?
I don't remember the part of this, I don't remember the stock,
it's not, oh, we've emerged in the start of the year after you're achieving that claim,
but I have no data that's it.
You think that the police does function without the service to the private sector?
I think the committee's there to function without the service to the private sector,
or any one member of the staff now, whether it's in function,
as successfully as I hope it has, that might be another question.
I always, you say this to Mr. Chairman, not to be a game,
to be a service to the private sector, but he was, no he wasn't.
What's that?
I might be a security secretary, when he came down here originally,
he was asked about financial arrangements, and he said he considers a 12-witch to serve,
he just leaves without some service, and devoted a good deal of time and money
to doing what he believes was valuable work and rooting out,
coming into an infiltrated and this country,
and he did that work for nothing, so I don't, and when he had anyone,
I don't know yet, he's not here to give point to you,
but for any other American, or any foreign buyers that would offer their compensation
to not on a full-time basis by hour, there by no-lot there,
that the Senate internal and internal security testimony,
which I think is with doing, blended work, has,
from time to time, used people such as Dave Shines as unpaid self,
people who they could get as a whole, their services, one nothing,
I believe that you, as I said, are far better than now in the military service,
Dr. Shines, the committee should continue to use the law
for the full-time exchange, gives knowledge and is information I can serve,
he's done, very well, first it all, no, I would say this senator to watch out,
I would say that particularly at the beginning stage, is whenever possible,
in order to function effectively and get the benefit of information,
which only he had, I say, well, I don't have that information.
I suppose he along had that information because he along worked on certain matters
when he was with the sub-committee and he along was known that there was good
possibility of his being valued in the military service,
well, I said, and if I can give you some examples of that,
or it's not the time to point it out, so I can give you many examples,
that I would like to ask your commentations to show to you this.
My wife, I have had her of this show committee,
it's a particular time and so I'm not afraid with the talk,
but it does seem very confusing to me that a man should,
a man, or any person should be employed on the sub-committee without compensation,
whose services were almost indispensable, they called it the,
were taken away from this fact, then it might seriously affect her,
jeopardize the work with the committee.
Do you think that that person, the result of private sharing of the conduct,
how's it having seriously jeopardized the work of the committee?
I can't evaluate that there.
I think the thing that's seriously jeopardized the work of the committee is the fact that we've been out of business
for too much when we have 130 cases against communists in law plants,
we can't do, but I thought we were here on that point Mr. Kohn,
I think the American people have reached the point where they want action,
whether it's in the department of the Army or on the part of any congressional committee.
And these crucial times we have not been,
any, should not have any time,
is to use on any extreme use of security,
everybody wants to root out and expose these subversive elements
in the department of the Army or any other agency of the federal government.
And I think the American people are going to demand action for it,
and my only fear is that they've done and that they've done fair,
that's what I'm saying.
So I think the committee worked out the decision and can root out the time in it,
whether I'm here or I shine here or anybody else,
the public interest will be served, and I think that's where all interested is.
The chair is just to run a little beyond 1230 this morning,
so perhaps we can conclude with Mr. Kohn,
we have Phil, Mr. Simon, and Mr. Welton, Mr. McCarty,
you've heard, and it's time.
Well, I tell the time, the question has come up
of the 130 people who are in the plant that's being delayed,
getting them out of the plant.
Why don't we try them over as a committee to stop a lot of the other committees
that could hand with?
Oh, I can think of a lot of reasons for that,
and first of all, first of all, we have to develop the case.
Our state is familiar with some and our state was already to proceed with those matters.
We will also have to go on those,
and the committee will advise when Mr. Steven's been missed to Adam,
try to put us out of business.
The only reason we're asking is, have you ever advised the committee,
or is anybody advised the committee about these 130 people?
Oh, certainly, sir.
If I might be specific on that, Senator Simon,
and then, the way Senator McCarty,
or the way Senator said, if I wanted to see,
they would be interested.
I heard Senator McCarty telephone some members of the committee,
and I believe that Senator McCarty wrote a formal letter
to the members of the committee calling the attention of the existence of these cases
to the committee and the fact that he hasn't stopped from exposing
will you make a copy of that for the right person?
I'm sure we will have a letter.
Thank you.
Now let me ask you a question, Chuck.
Some of the findings.
I might miss them.
You also received a copy.
I thank you, Senator.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I'd like to ask that a list of all the people involved
in this picture be furnished from the beginning.
I'd do it for the time and want to let me into account.
MSF, we made a blog, the record, and then followed.
I really think we've had to recover everything.
So, what's that picture to praise that information?
Sure, I would like to also ask that the original film be made up by the committee record.
Certainly, very grateful.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there have been a good many references to Mr. Adams,
his possibly being the fourth main.
I've been looking at the picture, and I can't tell from this.
From the shoulder and the hand and the hand, which is about all that's there,
whether it is Miss Adams, but the average man knows about his hand.
I think we might fill that up and answer that out if he was the fourth man and next to Charles Rallett.
Charles, after you, the resolution to be asked for that, Mr. Adams,
then the whole time.
Well, I imagine that he would be willing to be put on the open order to give the committee the truth.
I don't know the answer to the question.
Now, let me get the...
make this point about the picture.
You saw a picture in New York.
You can't remember whether or not they were born to...
It's not going to make it to like...
I don't remember.
I don't want to look in.
I think your lack of memory is understandable.
I doubt if I would remember whether it was born to...
I remember, let me put it this way if I may, with no report, my channel brought it.
I remember the filthy people in in the wine room who were important to me.
I remember Secretary Stevens and private chai standing there smiling at each other.
But you were asked what my luck yourself, my sister's meeting, for thick, for thick.
Yes, I was there, but there are a lot of things to take.
And you care, I remember what it was to all of the four of one of my three.
I was there.
I can...
I don't want to meet.
However, at the result of the suggestion of Mr. Jenkins, or as a result of your suggestion,
which I will wait for, Mr. Chai.
Mr. Chai was a pain for Mr. Chai, right?
But I don't even know if the pain was a pain.
You must have thought.
But you didn't see it when it was down here.
No, I don't.
No, I don't believe it.
You did not see it.
I did.
Then the picture was taken somewhere and if there were more than two people in it,
somebody cut the picture, that's correct.
Yes, and I can...
Here's what I'm badly off the planet as I'm actually.
I had for all I took the very fully-ponsibility to live.
And I want to make that clear as between myself and Mr. Jenkins.
What I had for all was a picture of Mr. Stevens and Chai.
I had ever seen that Colonel Brazé was standing to the side.
I didn't remember.
I'm glad I know now.
I'm glad that I know it's going to be made far to the right.
I sure will be.
I'm working now on the control.
We'll be made far to the right.
We then have to the picture to be sent down and undoubtedly anyone on this day for an analyst or the man down on the road.
When he was asked for the picture of Stevens and Chai, if he saw someone standing for the side or it was not Stevens and Chai,
probably David, what we have?
Now you're going to...
You're going to...
Somebody's going to let us know.
We're moving in the staff to picture down for the photographing role.
And whether or not they did or did not trust the people in the picture of...
Now, on the question of the whether or not it matters, the whether or not Colonel Brazé was in the picture,
you used the word, you didn't think it mattered when I owed it, but you weren't referring to Mrs. Stevens' problem of trying to remember whether he had it.
I've not had a picture taken along with Mr. Chai.
I had a...
The Stevens problem to be he couldn't recognize Private Chai in that picture.
And that's what I was talking about.
I was talking about, I couldn't quite understand on this to Stevens and I recognized Private Chai.
Now you mentioned the question of Mr. Chai and working for nothing.
You don't, anyway, for those eyes people who can't afford to work for nothing, if they want to be.
So I take my phone and check every month and...
I'm not criticizing anybody who doesn't work for nothing.
On the other hand, I don't criticize somebody who can afford to work for nothing and who could be paid,
because I don't want to be paid, it's a privilege to do this kind of work and I will do it for nothing.
So I won't criticize either party.
I would like to...
I would like to record the showman at all the money that was asked for by the Chairman of the Committee,
would go before by the Senate.
Now just one other question.
You mentioned it back to two thought there would be difficultly in getting people to come down to work for the Committee for nothing or for salary.
That's all you use.
Right.
The question is, I said that statement and I made it advisable.
Advisively.
I can give you a certain response to your question, but one example.
Frank Caw, who's sitting close to you there, was head of security for the FBI in New York.
Frank Caw made the case against the first string leaders of the Communist Party, the National Committee of the Communist Party.
Frank Caw had 200 FBI agents working under him.
I'm one of those, not I didn't know Mr. Caw well, but I'm one of those who went to him.
And asked him and thanked him to come down with this Committee as executive director.
He refused.
I had everybody I knew, worked on him to get him to come down.
And if the result of his coming down here is the type of smear and the type of life to which he's been subjected.
And this hearing in Father's report, I certainly think that any good American is going to think twice before sticking his neck out in that way.
Well now I'd like to ask you another question.
This is the call of the business administration.
And it's had a lot of fine businessmen come down here to work since the new administration went into effect.
The record of the Mr. Stevens was known before he came down.
How do you think a businessman based on his, his deterrence is going to be interrupted in taking jobs in the Pentagon or another government agency?
Do you believe that the same problems would supply with respect to Mr. Caw and Mr. Shine from the standpoint of the dissolval of the watching and service in these great days?
Will also apply as a result of the problems that have come up from Mr. Stevens.
There is one in many of this, since he took this job.
There is one very important distinction from Senator Simonton.
We did not make the charges, the smear charges against Mr. Stevens.
He made them against hot and high until no responsibility.
And not regard.
Well, I would like to say that I don't remember Mr. Stevens accusing any of the principles on the other side of Blackmail or Pope.
Mr. Simonton, I beg your pardon, we did excuse him or Pope, but the best of my knowledge, he did not accuse him of Blackmail.
In any case, I do think it's a two-way street. It may be difficult to punish Mr. Caw and Mr. Shine, but it isn't so as so that it will be difficult to get businessmen to come down to watching them, just like in charge of process perceived.
Senator Simonton, all I can say to you on that, sir, is we did not initiate the smear charges.
They were initiated by Mr. Stevens and by Mr. Adam and not by I never made publicly or flagged any statement in derogations of Mr. Stevens.
And I never made any statement which could cause him to feel at a charge of the made against him or that he should have any reason to regret having come down to watching.
And I might say this, I'm sorry I haven't much time left and I actually quite think you've answered it very well.
Mr. Chairman, I'd like to suggest that everybody connected with his picture, since his last Mr. Shine, well, I'll still have a percentage by Mr. Jenkins, the Directorate of the picture, the someone before the committee and so on the whole, and he was exactly what his connection with the picture if any was.
Mr. Chairman, I have a few down in the evening, I will be done with the country, I have a very suggestive speech, chase the picture down, then his thoughts can get all the facts available as to his other interested.
Mr. Chairman, I'll send a comment.
Mr. Chairman, I might say that we will be very glad to do that from our end and I'm assuming that the statement will do us some here, because we don't want any question about the authenticity and we don't want any question about the fact that that is secretary Stevens,
standing and smiling at private time.